README.md for SSH (#20365)
commaai/openpilot: tools/ssh/README.md

# Connecting to your comma device using SSH

> This will walk you through the procedure of connecting to your comma device using SSH in order for you to make localised changes on your comma device.

Reviewer: remove this

Your comma device fetches your public SSH keys from your GitHub account. You will have to have a pre-existing GitHub Account, for more information on account registration, visit [this GitHub Doc](https://docs.github.com/en/github/getting-started-with-github/signing-up-for-a-new-github-account).

> Your email will have to be verified by GitHub, for more information on email verification, please see the [GitHub Doc](https://docs.github.com/en/github/getting-started-with-github/verifying-your-email-address) regarding this topic.

Reviewer: remove this

> # General information
> For security reasons, SSH is not enabled by default on your comma device, you can enable it by navigating to `Settings → Developer → Enable SSH`.
> 
> SSH Keys can be imported from GitHub by going to `Settings → Developer → GitHub Username`, once GitHub username is inserted, it will automatically fetch the public keys on your account.
> 
> default ssh username: `root`
> 
> default ssh port: `8022`
> 
> To view the IP address of your comma device, go to `Settings → WiFi → Open WiFi Settings → More Options → Three Dot Menu at the Top Left Corner → Advanced`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Quick Start

SSH is disabled by default. SSH can be enabled in the Network section of the settings. The IP address can also be found in the settings.

* Username: root
* Port: 22 or 8022
```

> ![SSH into comma two](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37757984/82586797-0496cc00-9b4d-11ea-9e98-48d193cf38ff.jpg)

Reviewer: remove the "comma two" references, think this should be more generic

Reviewer: also don't think we need the image

> # Connecting To Your comma two Using SSH

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Connecting to your comma device over SSH
```

This will walk you through the procedure of connecting to your comma two using SSH in order for you to make localised changes on your comma two.

> Table of Contents

Reviewer: remove table of contents, this should be short

=================

* [Creating a GitHub Account](#create-github-account)
* [Generating an SSH Key](#generate-ssh-key)
* [Uploading the Public SSH Key To Your GitHub Account](#upload-public-key)
* [Register Your Public Key On Your comma two](#register-key-on-c2)
* [Connecting To Your comma two Using SSH](#connection)

> # Creating a GitHub Account<a name="create-github-account" />

Reviewer: we don't need steps for this

In order to create a GitHub Account, you have to have your email address handy and ready to receive your confirmation email.
1. Go to the [GitHub Account Creation Page](https://github.com/join).
2. Enter your information, this includes your desired username, email address, and password.
3. Once your details are correct, you may click the `create account` button.
4. You will soon receive an account verification email from GitHub, once your account is verified, you may proceed to the next step.

For more information on email verification, please see the [GitHub Doc](https://docs.github.com/en/github/getting-started-with-github/verifying-your-email-address) regarding this topic.

> # Generating an SSH Key<a name="generate-ssh-key" />

Reviewer: github already has a comprehensive guide for this, just link to it

An SSH key pair is like a padlock and its key, your public key is the padlock, and your private key holds the information of opening the padlock.

To create your SSH key pair, you will have to have OpenSSH client installed on your operating system, please consult your operating system manual on the procedure of accomplishing this.

Once OpenSSH Client is installed and operational, using command line console, you will have to type `ssh-keygen -t rsa -f ~/.ssh/id_rsa`, it will then prompt you for a password, you may ignore this and press the `enter` key; nevertheless, setting a password is always a good practice.

This will create two files in your `.ssh` folder, one file will be named `id_rsa` and another file will be named `id_rsa.pub`. This step is completed once these two files are present in your `.ssh` folder.

> # Uploading the Public SSH Key To Your GitHub Account<a name="upload-public-key" />

Reviewer: again, github guide should be sufficient here
